# Blockchain-Based-Halal-Logistic-System
In this project, the main purpose is to propose a Halal logistic system that using Blockchain technology. This project is mainly focus on the improvements on Halal logistic with the implementation of blockchain technology. Traditional Halal logistic having a lot challenges which include lacking of information sharing, high cost and effort, and lacking of enforcement from the company perspective. Nowadays, Halal market has been grow up tremendously and it also create a chance for the logistic service providers. For those who able to solve the current issues that faced by the Halal logistic, it will benefit the whole society, especially for Muslims. With the implementation of Blockchain technology, it is able to enhance the integrity of Halal logistics. Based on the rules of Halal, the food or products that Muslim consumed, it need to be lawful to consume. For instance for the meats, during the slaughtering process, the slaughter need to make sure the sharpness of knife, animals should having any diseases and so on. For Halal logistic, logistic service provider need to assure the container and warehouse are clear to deliver and store the Halal products. Here it comes to the implementation of Blockchain technology. The nature of Blockchain able to enhance the integrity of Halal logistic. This is because, all the information that recorded in the Blockchain network cannot be modified (immutable), real time tracking (traceability), and information sharing (openness). Therefore, with the implementation of Blockchain technology it can improve the integrity of Halal logistic.
